HireTrove is a user-friendly skill-sharing platform built with Firebase, React, Tailwind CSS, Node.js, and Express.js. Designed to foster a community of knowledge exchange and professional collaboration, HireTrove enables users to securely create profiles, manage and update skills, and explore new opportunities. The platform empowers users to post hiring requirements based on specific skill sets, offering a seamless way for professionals to connect, collaborate, and grow their expertise in a supportive environment.
At the heart of HireTrove is a powerful search and discovery module, allowing users to easily explore relevant content, skills, and other users. By integrating real-time notifications, the platform ensures that users stay updated on important activities, such as new job postings, relevant skill matches, and community interactions. This keeps the users engaged and encourages active participation, enhancing the overall user experience and fostering professional connections.
HireTrove is designed with responsiveness in mind, providing a smooth experience across both desktop and mobile devices. By promoting continuous learning and professional growth, the platform aims to create a dynamic environment where users can share expertise, learn collaboratively, and advance their skills. With a focus on engagement and community-building, HireTrove is positioned to become a hub for skill-sharing and professional development.

To run, download all the files, replace your firebase credentials -

cd hiretrove -> cd functions -> node index.js (5000 server)
cd hiretrove -> npm start (3000 server)
